Add the styleguide docs (#62)
clay/amphora-html: docs/style.md

---
id: style
title: Styleguides
sidebar_label: Styleguides
---

---

> On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln will need then render the `HTML`. 

Reviewer: You missed a closing parentheses after the kiln url 😛 
```suggestion
On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln) will need then render the `HTML`. 
```

Author: Nice catch

> On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln) will need then render the `HTML`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln) will need then render the `HTML`. 
```

> On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations on the into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln will need then render the `HTML`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations  into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln will need then render the `HTML`. 
```

Author: Thanks!!

---

## Get component variations

Using the site name, `amphora-html` builds the specific style path that we need to have all the required stylesheets: 
`styleguides/siteName/components` 

> If the name of the site is not available, the `siteName` property will be replaced for `_default` and return the list of the variation of the components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the name of the site is not available, the `siteName` property will be replaced for `_default` and the list of the variation of the components will be returned.
```

> If a component variation exists, we will receive a combination of the name of the component and the name of the variation separate by an underscore like this example: `componentName_variationName`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a component variation exists, we will receive a combination of the name of the component and the name of the variation separated by an underscore like this example: `componentName_variationName`
```

Furthermore, if the component variation is no set we will have the name of the component as a default style.

For more information on how to get the variations, you can check the [styleguide.js](https://github.com/clay/amphora-html/blob/master/lib/styleguide.js) file on the `amphora-html` repository.

---

## Set component default variations

> After getting the list of the variations exposed on the state (or set on the data object that we receive), we can go throw each component defining it default styleguide. The following are the conditions that we got to define which is the variation that we will add:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After getting the list of the variations exposed on the state (or set on the data object that we receive), we can go throw each component defining its default styleguide. The following are the conditions that we have to define in order to determine which is the variation that we will add:
```

> After getting the list of the variations exposed on the state (or set on the data object that we receive), we can go throw each component defining its default styleguide. The following are the conditions that we have to define in order to determine which is the variation that we will add:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After getting the list of the variations exposed on the state (or set on the data object that we receive), we can go through each component defining its default styleguide. The following are the conditions that we have to define in order to determine which is the variation that we will add:
```

> - The component has a variation set, but it doesn't exists in the site's styleguide or the default styleguide; render the component with the default variation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The component has a variation set, but it doesn't exist in the site's styleguide or the default styleguide; render the component with the default variation.
```

- The component has no variation set; render the component with the default variation.

> - Finally, if the other condition doesn't match to the current component means that we have a component variation defined and we use it.

Reviewer: I would change it to something like this since we are talking about multiple conditions (pls correct me if im wrong 🙏)
```suggestion
- Finally, if the other conditions don't match to the current component, it means that we have a component variation defined and we use it.
```
Also i think we could rephrase this a bit better `"if the other conditions don't match"`.

> - Finally, if the other conditions don't match to the current component, it means that we have a component variation defined and we use it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Finally, if the other conditions don't match to the current component, it means that we have a component variation defined and we are using it.
```

For more information on how to set the variations, you can check the [styleguide.js](https://github.com/clay/amphora-html/blob/master/lib/styleguide.js) file on the `amphora-html` repository.

---

## Compose data

> After we got and set the variations on the components we gonna compose the data into the structure that [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) needs; we got to this step after we finish getting all the variations of the components that are in the `data` object that we mention before and use it on [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After we got and set the variations on the components we gonna compose the data into the structure that [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) needs; we have to this step after we finish getting all the variations of the components that are in the `data` object that we mention before and use it on [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/).
```

> After we got and set the variations on the components we gonna compose the data into the structure that [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) needs; we got to this step after we finish getting all the variations of the components that are in the `data` object that we mention before and use it on [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After we got and set the variations on the components, we are going to compose the data into the structure that [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) needs; we got to this step after we finished getting all the variations of the components that are in the `data` object that we mentioned before and use it on [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/).
```

Author: Done thanks!!

> After we got and set the variations on the components, we are going to compose the data into the structure that [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) needs; we got to this step after we finished getting all the variations of the components that are in the `data` object that we mentioned before and use it on [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/).

Reviewer: Just to be sure, are you talking here about when you should `compose` the data already generated?

---
id: style
title: Styleguides
sidebar_label: Styleguides
---

---

> On `amphora-html` using the `data`  and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This state

Reviewer 4: Theres a double space after `data`
```suggestion
On `amphora-html` using the `data` and `meta` object that are the instances of the components and site respectively. This site
```
My guess is that you wanted to say `This site` instead of `This state`

Author: Done!!

> will expose the component variations on the state then it will set these variations on the into a structure [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) will need then

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
will expose the component variations on the state, then it will set these variations into a structure. Finally, [Kiln](https://docs.clayplatform.com/clay-kiln/) will render the `HTML`
```

> render the `HTML`. 

Reviewer 4: Put this line together with line 11

---

## Get component variations

> Using the site name; `amphora-html` build the specific style path that we need to have all stylesheet that we need: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Using the site name, `amphora-html` builds the specific style path that we need to have all the required stylesheets:
```

`styleguides/siteName/components` 

> If the name of the site is not available the `siteName` will be replaced for `_default` then return the list of the variation of the components.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the name of the site is not available, the `siteName` property will be replaced for `_default` and return the list of the variation of the components.
```

> If a component variation exist we will receive a combination of the name of the component and the name of the variation separate by an

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If a component variation exists, we will receive a combination of the name of the component and the name of the variation separate by an
```

> underscore like this example: `componentName_variationName`

Reviewer 4: This line can be put together with line 23
```suggestion
If a component variation exists, we will receive a combination of the name of the component and the name of the variation separate by an underscore like this example: `componentName_variationName`
```

> if the component variation is no set we will have the name of the component as a default style.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if the component variation is no set we will have the name of the component as a default style.
```

For more information on how to get the variations, you can check the [styleguide.js](https://github.com/clay/amphora-html/blob/master/lib/styleguide.js) file on the `amphora-html` repository.

---

## Set component default variations

> After getting the list of the variations expose on the state (or set on the data object that we receive) we can go throw each component defining it default styleguide. The following are the condition that we got to define which is the variation that we will add:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After getting the list of the variations exposed on the state (or set on the data object that we receive), we can go throw each component defining it default styleguide. The following are the conditions that we got to define which is the variation that we will add:
```

> - The component has a variation set, but it doesn't exist in the site's styleguide or the default styleguide; render the component with the default variation;

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- The component has a variation set, but it doesn't exists in the site's styleguide or the default styleguide; render the component with the default variation.
```

- The component has no variation set; render the component with the default variation.

> - Finally, if the other condition doesn't match to the current component means that we have a component variation define and we use it

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Finally, if the other condition doesn't match to the current component means that we have a component variation defined and we use it.
```
